The lady's banquet hall has arrived
When will the road courtyard arrive?
The gentleman said he would come over when he was done
Please go in first.
Aunt, he is the woman brought back from the courtyard.
You just climbed into the courtyard five years ago
The woman in the bed
My sister-in-law is easy to talk to.
Our Lu family
Would never accept a woman like you
This is 1 million divorce the courtyard
What are you pretending to be noble?
A small family like you
Isn't it just for money to climb up to the courtyard bed?
That's right, I'm just for the money
If Xia Ruyan
This bitch is willing to divorce for this 1 million
That's fine.
But aunt
1 million want me to divorce Lord Lu
Sell this dignified Lu Group lady sister
That's really cheap.
Xia Ruyan, you are kidding me
How much are you asking?
10 million is enough to get you out of here
Aunt usually garden
The cabinet of clothes and bags you bought me
It's more than worth it.
You say
I put a good glow at the lady of the group and don't do it
Take your money and leave
How is that possible?
Auntie is a money-seeing person like him
Being able to climb the antlers is naturally a blood-sucking force
Little bitch has a bigger appetite than you
10 million is not enough
Give you another 10 million
Don't push your luck.
Offended the Lu family
Weigh the consequences for yourself
identify
Plus all of Lu Enterprises' overseas assets
Bitch, how dare you open your mouth?
Don't think you've laid two eggs for the Lu family
Can do whatever you want
If it weren't for the courtyard
You don't even have the qualifications to stand here
What about me? Am I qualified to talk?